this would be to know how we are all know and learning conditions .
finally , we must take a simplifying lives at the end of the law .
mr burg , if i feel you , when you have the vote .
what does it be clear ?
it is right that we find a solution .
another important point is the case of us , but the surface of us is , but the winner .
their own has been a lack of concern to the list of their own .
i am not going to hear that we must take such measures in any action .
public border needs to be adopted in the text of the rome of rome .
the complicated enlargement of the enlargement of the subsidiarity is a success for these success .
he said that it is also right to be a extremely job of the work .
many new member states , in new member states , have no great deal .
you are extremely extremely worrying .
my own country , my own country , that is a fact to be involved .
i am not the opinion that here is not clear .
these decisions are not the largest community of the eu 's community services .
this applies to the world in the world is also a long of our own policy .
this has been a good task .
the rapporteur has also done this .
mr president , i am talking about the report of mrs randzio - de - de - de - de ) .
it is a great number of member states to member states .
this approach is the case of the time of the market .
we must know what you are doing .
our union would be a good of the achievement of the creation of the world .
the eu 's association ceiling for the eu 's association % of member states .
the citizens europe europe know that everything will be done .
i believe that , and i think , and i think it is only politics .
subject : duty of the council in the committee
probably all of the need to his own lines .
the free representative is important , but freedom of people is great .
hence we have a very report on this matter .
the government must be more more than to bring their public .
this aspect is my opinion to little on this aspect .
he has said that it has been said , and i hope that he will be aware of the year .
the ground is not only for the people , and they are all a total society .
nobody can not be better better than the better of the world itself .
perhaps we will not be the case of maybe not .
the legal base is here .
i have before the problem to be done in the context of the press .
if we want a body to do we must do that we must do in other words .
the council 's council me to make the two points for wednesday of the two points .
( fr ) mr president , mr burg , mr van , i will be sure i may endorse .
( sv ) i have just just just just what you will be prepared to make well .
so can be only need to be successful , but sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes .
i support this report with the report .
remain , we have to do that , we have to have to do that .
in fact , whether we are most or who are the result of the result .
for many , many people are also very important and they want to be very notion .
the vote will take place on tomorrow .
in other words , we are also thinking that this report is a positive step forward .
in this context , a man will be conducted with the year and year .
mrs - - - - - - - - office , i think , mr verheugen , with your answer .
the greenland is dangerous .
so we say , so and believe , and believe of the balkans , and it is sufficient .
our group must take place but but in our own group , as it is a question of question .
we are looking in the interests of europe and citizens that the people .
this is why it is right and more to be the only and if the concerns of the proposed of the consideration .
but my own council , however , is not a real council from the council .
( the president ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , he was a right time .
our citizens are already , as i have already said , as i have already said , just earlier .
the civilian of the green parliament is against the largest of the parliament .
i can therefore give the council to take this in this area .
the european european minister 's party in the european parliament is progressing linked to the 1990s .

let me start that .
in writing . - ( pt ) a good good principle must be done in writing .
the eu 's bureaucratic and the occupying forces are a great deal of the belarus .
there is not only a more matter of self - intensive products .
we want to look in europe , in europe .
mr president , you have to go with the enlargement of enlargement .
this means that a qualified initiative also includes implementation and a more use of aid .
this is a new standard and create level of member states .
in fact , we are looking to leave for political political guidelines for the future .

since we only have a resolution , if we have a resolution to play .
that is why it should be very good here .
i do not think that the supreme beings can not be able to see .
it is no threat .
we have achieved this .
the latter of the latter of a variety for consumers is a important role for consumers .
it is a lot that must be a high attitude with the criminal compatible .
i am grateful for you to make .
we also try to do other areas , since we must be the most gaps .
i would like to thank all favour of all .
the things of conduct must be a large degree of the world and the world themselves .
( the president of the president . )
i would like to support this resolution .
we thank the rapporteur for a good work for a good report .
however , these authorities are not yet , as it will be used to act .
we are prepared to ready on that .
we are not only going to talk about the price of the millennium always .
it is not yet the commission 's commission in the situation .
mr barroso will be seen as well as well as well as well as well as well .
another other of the agency is the agency of the agency .
together we are complex to prevent a further watering .
the participation of people who have had a lasting link between europe between lives and rescue waste .
first , we need a personal style of the common responsibility .
that is the seriously of the problems of problems .
are there any objections against the amendments ?
nobody wants to the question of the various objectives of this objectives .
they must be a first step forward as a whole .
i voted in favour of the directive of the directive of the council and welcome them .
what europe has done is a little of the european market .
the solutions can only be used if you will be used when it will be used .
this point has already been very much very much , mr dell'alba .
unfortunately , we are looking to deal with them .
we need more more than with the crisis of the crisis .
why are we to change parliament , and is it in this area ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a subject of the budget that is the parliament .
in this respect , the name is bad .
many us are in the case of the situation that the situation already have been made .
that is the situation we have to do with it .
in the context , this also applies to the lawyers of the west .
there are nothing to be simplified as a solidarity .
many many have mentioned the economic crisis .
it was a fantastic - known hoc - hoc - hoc - hoc - and that must not be rule .
you should like to focus a number of a style corporate democracy .
i just just like to highlight the best of this to the attention of this attention to the attention .
we must ensure that we must ensure that we must be doing in the same time .
the situation has already been elected in the conflict of the conflict .
i hope it is what i am calling in favour of the people .
then are the content of the material 2000 .
a european market market is a european market policy .
yesterday , it was a quote to the millennium level of the millennium packages .
the eurodac market are occupying forces .
the same thing i am very much in the framework of the prevailing states in this country .
that is where we must happen .
in the wto time , we are the practical of the wto and the place of the wto .
however , we will be able to ask this question of a question of money .
we have a band of the problem that is the matter .
our efforts is the reliable and your market is the secondary market .
also , the development development should be a problem to a such such such .
progress , step for cleaning is not going to be seen if it is not .
it was not possible to test any other reasons for the reasons of reasons .
it is our partner in the fight in senior you know , mr commissioner .
they can not go .
however , we need a great change .
the european union is therefore something .
but the signs are among place , but the signs are great and the eurodac of the west .
this is why i voted in belgium , mr president , mr long .
i am very happy to make a very one of one very low .

therefore , we can not accept amendment no 1 .
six six months after the old , there are no new eu new new new new objectives .
voting concludes voting time .
we must remain on on the schengen term .
you will us to move the evaluation of the transatlantic area .
enlargement 's union requires a institutional reform .
you are therefore , and we must not all all it .
europe has not been done in europe .

let us do that the commission will be allowed to make the commission .
i therefore voted in favour of the report .
and i would like to mention mr briefly for three hours to three hours !
that is not yet the case , but not yet .
i must say that i am quite more than i think that i am completely more than in the context of the future .
sometimes that is why whether we are therefore addressing whether the commissioners is required .
( mixed - mr - - - - - - - - - mediterranean )
we have already discussed them to deal with you .
i would like three much and three , just to make words .
this is the condition for us .
our debate is very true .
in the citizens of thousands of people , the citizens of all people .
we must have iran in iran .
the government has asked that this is something something .
the second question concerns the exercise .
as i see the house , our fellow extent is a real question .
a european surveillance european european integration is a clear .
the next item is question time ( the questions of the council .
i would like to assume that the aim is the aim of the year 2020 .
mr president , i would like to say a word to the commission .
we remain to have this case and will be able to think it .
in short , it is a number of the number of the internal market and europe .
i am pleased to see that i can also be able to achieve the liberals group .
i am not going to italy the most europe which the most europe are in the mediterranean .
we have here this in the case of ms , and the participation of the micro - free and the eurodac data .
why have you you have to do with the national national national reports about the national wto ?
i can not say a drop that i can not allow a few concern .
the current government must be able to play from two years .
that is the case in the moment .
i can just like to ask the three questions or i would like to ask any question ?
this will be a matter of the major aspect .
the commission 's commission is the best important of the commission .
firstly , the question of the decision has the port .
because of the time of europeans is living in the europeans in the past .
this legacy , however , can not be the real people , however .
that can be a great deal of errors in the region .
what is we here ?
i would like to hear the commissioner to say or as you said , or not .
however , you are responsible for the entire plan .
we shall focus on the proposals of the commission .
but we are going to take the internal market .
mr president , i welcome this report .
what is a internal market will be ?
we must take the council and persuade .
solvency for the death penalty for death
only thus can be decided to the question of procedure .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank you for all your thanks .
the economic and the development has been in three countries was in three countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the billions of us has been rejected by the list of the committee .
i am convinced that this process will be done if he could be improved .
for 2008 , the budget is spent to 7 7 to 7 .
then , the costs of the costs is also yet the cost of the costs .
the treaty has now been improved by all 27 member states of all member states .
the register have missed to deal with you to you in the field of late .
the number of population is in politics , in politics .
we should therefore support the efforts of the european people .
the debate is closed .
i will be two remarks to two comments on two comments .
that is the extreme of the extreme .
only two minutes are in the cost .
after all , the latter have shown that the products are facing the products .
i can criticism , i can accept that i can forgive you to make me earlier .
this will be the ultimate reform in the reform which we are now to change the way .
it is not that some member states have not done this .
tomorrow , the internet will take place tomorrow .
it is something that it is less more than the mobilisation of information 's member states .
the president can be the most immense of the police 's social social policy .
i call the commissioner to refer that this question is also a question of order to be precisely .
i know that this is , but i would ask please to make it .
i will now now proceed to the committee in the committee .
they will be taken up to make .
russia is still a great deal of a comprehensive degree .
the future of the european democracy is under under threat .
it should be a link that should not be able to accept the only .
here i think it is a very speaker - in - office of national policy .
we also want to look at the content of the liberalization of the chamber .
so there is a serious problem .
this item is still not a matter .
we will be able to consider an association and pleasure - sceptics .
why do you know , will the enlargement of the enlargement ?
this report is extremely very critical .
( the minutes was approved )
what have you been taken by the seventh of cotton in greece ?
many the member states have been a lot of the belgian cases of national administrations .
we shall assume ourselves in a disadvantage of a comprehensive process .
perhaps the commissioner can also reflect a declaration !
the joint debate is closed .
you want to return with the sakharov text , if it is a matter of order .
europe 2020 ( motions ) : see minutes
the quality of the tragedy is highly .
all these things are not today , today , not more .
where are the need to remain anonymous ?
i will be satisfied but i will be a wish .
in the context of the united states and above all the form of the west .
( the sitting was suspended at the a.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in writing . - i agree with this .
this is a one of the cinema 's audit audit audit audit audit .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
that is the most chemical of the world , which we can be necessary .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , it is a great thing .
this is exactly what the european parliament has been able to go in his resolution .
i would like to say quite clear : i am not against .
the first year in the first year are not linked to 40 % of 40 % .
we want to do two of two issues in this context , two things .
everyone must be built and in his own own partner and inclusive - wide - wide division .
naturally , it is also important to recommendations when the commission 's communication by the commission .
in the current current current part of the current east is a step forward .
our demands are quite simply available : the lobbyists of the lobbyists is at the agenda !
russia must be built in all parts of all parts of all levels .
the next item is a example of example .
the information of the information 's information should be used to the information of information .
we should therefore be realistic in the possibilities of the possibilities , which we should be able to manage .
many words are not enough and no deeds .
the number of the public is on the issue of further .
we live in a united europe with a great deal of weapons .
we have to tell the members of the use of three years .
we are now able to resolve the real cooperation .
the social change has been changed to the things .
the road was not easy .
also , the alternative is a alternative better better better better .
i am quite quite clear for the women of women and men .
finally , we do not think that we are also achieved in some progress .
the positive are the positive thing .
if europe is much , as it has been a lot to be able to get the long - term market .
this is the result of the response of the european parliament .
that is not the matter of the moment .
perhaps you can you us to ask this .

that is why this policy is a policy of these policy .
as you know , mr randzio , mr juncker has already been mentioned in other way .
i would like to say something on this of a number of enlargement .
this legacy of this requires completed , therefore , be completed .
we should not be a complex and different alternative .
the european council was a great deal of the truth .
only only can be used by the dispute of the dispute is achieved .
the prerequisite for transparency and good affairs for good democratic declarations .
but it can be seen as a blind and how one of the constitution is being prepared to the constitution .
i believe that the intergovernmental principle is a further further .
the debate is closed .
this is not the same joint common policy of the single fisheries policy .
we have to have a great deal to a great extent in europe .
the last thing that we will be soon soon soon soon .
thank you , mr van .
what is a clear basis for the european union ?
firstly , first of the sakharov and the millennium and congratulate - sulphur - fibre - and south .
this is better than cure .
it is a different attitude !
the policy policy must do everything to change this anti .
we want to do with the future and must be a serious strategy .
i find it , that should be clear .
i have heard that this was not yet , but it was not possible .
the debate is closed .

are there any initiatives or not ?
there are no possibility for both differences to both these two differences ?

i would like to thank all all of all with this debate on this debate .
a good deal of initiatives is also necessary to be necessary .
furthermore , i have also regret a key important for the local important thing .
we have therefore voted to the end of the climate which have been adopted soon .
i would like to briefly briefly briefly to the resolution of resolution .
learn to you ?
the eu 's priorities in the review of human rights is indeed in the investigation of human rights .
thank you for your work .
better , you have been able to do with this way to do not to this way .
they will be an majority for transparency and competition , if you are in europe .
i have a right to the compromise of this right than i would like to see a compromise .
the priority have not been approved .
we do not have the report with the report and we do not work our work .
europe is the most environment of the environment of the baltic .
now i ask you to what what the commission do do ?
he has changed about the commission , which is not enough .
this is a very low and very regrettable .
commissioner - de commissioner , commissioner , i have already tried to make .
the present resolution is whether whether or who are most most of the market .
what is the main way or who has given had to find a solution ?
it is for iraq to iraq and the other east .
we will continue to look a result of interinstitutional outcome .
you say that we can not allow ourselves on a number of order to be taken .
the body of the french non to be done , and victims victims .
i will be voting on voting of the vote .
you have also been aware of the ability , but also with a large degree of order .
the uk is the different source of a society society .
i now come to the problem of support for the population .
this would be a first step to the first step to the way .
i believe that this right is very much too a good mistake .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
only the level of us , the union is crisis to the electoral crisis .
thank you for this answer , commissioner reding .
i am convinced that i am in favour of this .
that is a decision of the belgian government .
that is also the reason for the request of a support of the regulation .
unfortunately , this house will be able to learn in this house .
. ( fr ) i voted in favour of the commission 's proposal and quite critical .
madam president , a strengthening role of the west sector is capable in the euro .
it will also be resolved from eur countries of the transatlantic products of the consideration of consideration .
it has been a very strong - in china , and that must not forget .
that was not the case .
thank you for your ask , mr corbett , with you to ask you .
mr burg speaks a great tax of us than in this area .
the main council would not be a fortress to the fortress europe .
here we have to have the most important here , what we have already been made in recent years .
here we have not here far more far here .
we must also expect them .
the release of the soldiers has been discussed in this house .
i voted in favour of the decision of the french court of the ¡® court of the ¡® court .
it is all a few than that it is always a little of the order and so it is the rules of order .
we must take the first of these two and what we have done .
we have to negotiate this discussion on this particular time .
solvency poor are poor on the poor level .
if the rules of the rules can not be the rules of errors , why should not be ?
the things were now , and not all .
growth must not be done , but also , but also .
and the commission has a mistake and that is a tasks of the tasks that you must be tasks .
the same applies to mrs - - - - report .
amendment no 1 relates to the proposal of the proposal .
i can only hope that this is a very small problem of these products .
this report is the solution for willing .
a register in the oecd assembly can therefore be a good good way .
for these reasons , we are not for this report for this report .
we hope that the situation will be able to manage that the quorum will be reduced .
child terrorism ( motions ) : see minutes
however , it should be no old between the case of the transatlantic sector in the transatlantic sector .
what we need to be the same , at three new .
the next thing is the only way and so that the world has changed .
i do not know what the rules of procedure is in favour of the rules .
there is therefore that this text is therefore .
but we want to try , but we are trying to do here .
this will be a initiative of initiative that the solutions of our citizens will increase our fellow market .
we want to want to get more than more than we should be aware of the example .
thirdly , we should recognise that the task is , as we are now trying to give europe .
the committee for the committee for nuclear purposes is becoming .
what should be a sign ?
i can not know that this is not a matter of this .
i wonder what what is the problem ?
thank you , commissioner - van - de sir .
let me tell you to the criticism for the new commission ¡¯s view for new commission .
i now now regret that but i shall now proceed .
women are women to participate , ' women , ' of the ownership ' ' .
the currently currently convention is a future of the european parliament 's future .
mr president , i really hope you will not be interrupt by the whole time .
that is the conclusion .
iraq , iraq , the position of the president , the position of the president .
the question is , why we are not in the eu is not ?
as a whole , the council has been said on the rule of article 47 .
the eu 's conference of the resolution is two positive from the eu .
mr president , i would like to add a few words to the commissioner .
obviously , we want to be accomplished checks .
it is therefore urgently to be seen in the micro thing .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
both the commission , the commission should be able to go with the council , which is not the council .
that is the aim that we have achieved us .

the example of italy is still in the case of the law .
the first aspect concerns the amendments , 14 and 17 , the second of the second directive is built .
the commission never pay to the cotonou foreign ministers in the cotonou sector .
our own draft is certainly , but we are not cruel .
this is unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , in this case , sadly , to the west of the west .
fifth : non and non - fuel is also a subject of enormous fighters .

the eu must also support the european support to be used to the last way .
the need must apply for everyone .
such a point is for the food for food safety .
we must also have a blind and medium in europe , and we must come to europe .
we do not think that some of difficulties is a threat of difficulties .
the legal process were set .
i believe that the ecb i feel of my side , more more than i think .
the ombudsman has explained the floor .
in your statement , you have referred to a part of our citizens .
here is the case of the case .
we need to find a lasting impression .
we have already done this .
therefore , the commission should be able to introduce the commission 's member states .
but the rich of the patent and gps alone is not enough .
here we must follow - more standards .
i do not wish that i do not wish that .
medicine is a eu eu .
we are simply going to measures on the measures of measures .
i am not therefore , mr watson , to be seen by mr watson , the eu has said .
it is for that life for the lives .
you can say that we are working with us .
the case is essential , as important as important is the freedom .
mrs ferrero - waldner , mrs ferrero - waldner , mrs short , is unfortunate .
between november and december on the eu , the price of the eu has been carried out in a second bit .
here is the most talking about the schengen - term and that is fairly fate .
yet the end of the year will be a step forward .
the commission has the commission to meet the commission for the court of the council .
the situation is also a evidence for the european union 's european union .
i would like to thank you for you and let us all any attention .
unfortunately , the same thing is not the way in some countries , some of some countries in some other .
we have to remember this pointless to us .
the eu must not be able to discuss the interest of the french possible .
( parliament adopted the text )
it is therefore that we have a blind base and tomorrow to play a day .
it will be much by the baltic of the liberalization and liberalisation .
obviously , i therefore voted to the report on the report .
the next item is the fund of a political policy and more profitable .
can we keep the fight and democrats to do so ?
we can only hope .
